docs/UserGuide.md, before:

---
  layout: default.md
  title: "User Guide"
  pageNav: 3
---

# Klinix User Guide

Klinix Level 3  is a **desktop app for managing contacts, optimized for use via a  Line Interface** (CLI) while still having the benefits of a Graphical User Interface (GUI). If you can type fast, you can get your contact management tasks done faster than traditional GUI apps.

<!-- * Table of Contents -->
<page-nav-print />

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Quick start

1. Ensure you have Java `17` or above installed in your Computer.<br>
   **Mac users:** Ensure you have the precise JDK version prescribed [here](https://se-education.org/guides/tutorials/javaInstallationMac.html).

1. Download the latest `.jar` file from [here](https://github.com/se-edu/Klinix-level3/releases).

1. Copy the file to the folder you want to use as the _home folder_ for your Klinix.

1. Open a command terminal, `cd` into the folder you put the jar file in, and use the `java -jar Klinix.jar` command to run the application.<br>
   A GUI similar to the below should appear in a few seconds. Note how the app contains some sample data.<br>
   ![Ui](images/Ui.png)

1. Type the command in the command box and press Enter to execute it. e.g. typing **`help`** and pressing Enter will open the help window.<br>
   Some example commands you can try:

   * `list` : Lists all contacts.

   * `add ` : Adds a contact to Klinix.

   * `delete 3` : Deletes the 3rd contact shown in the current list.

   * `clear` : Deletes all contacts.

   * `exit` : Exits the app.
  
   * `addmr` : Add a new medical report to a patient's record.
  
   * `deletemr` : Delete a patient's existing medical report.
  
   * `addmu` : Add a new medicine usage record as part of a patient’s medical history or medical needs.
  
   * `clearmu` : Clear all medicine usage records of a patient's medical history.
  
   * `deletemu` : Delete a particular medicine usage record of a patient's medical history.
  
   * `addappt` : Add a new appointment to the patient.
  
   * `clearappt` : Clear all appointments of a patient.

1. Refer to the [Features](#features) below for details of each command.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Features

<box type="info" seamless>

**Notes about the command format:**<br>

* Words in `UPPER_CASE` are the parameters to be supplied by the user.<br>
  e.g. in `add n/NAME`, `NAME` is a parameter which can be used as `add n/John Doe`.

* Items in square brackets are optional.<br>
  e.g `n/NAME [t/TAG]` can be used as `n/John Doe t/friend` or as `n/John Doe`.

* Items with `…`​ after them can be used multiple times including zero times.<br>
  e.g. `[t/TAG]…​` can be used as ` ` (i.e. 0 times), `t/friend`, `t/friend t/family` etc.

* Parameters can be in any order.<br>
  e.g. if the command specifies `n/NAME p/PHONE_NUMBER`, `p/PHONE_NUMBER n/NAME` is also acceptable.

* Extraneous parameters for commands that do not take in parameters (such as `help`, `list`, `exit` and `clear`) will be ignored.<br>
  e.g. if the command specifies `help 123`, it will be interpreted as `help`.

* If you are using a PDF version of this document, be careful when copying and pasting commands that span multiple lines as space characters surrounding line-breaks may be omitted when copied over to the application.
</box>

### Viewing help : `help`

Shows a message explaning how to access the help page.

![help message](images/helpMessage.png)

Format: `help`


### Adding a person: `add`

Adds a person to the address book.

Format: `add n/NAME p/PHONE_NUMBER e/EMAIL ic/NRIC b/BIRTHDATE a/ADDRESS [t/TAG]…​`

<box type="tip" seamless>

**Tip:** A person can have any number of tags (including 0)
</box>

Examples:
* `add n/John Doe p/98765432 e/johnd@example.com ic/S0123456A b/10/10/2000 a/John street, block 123, #01-01`
* `add n/Betsy Crowe t/friend e/betsycrowe@example.com ic/S9876543B b/01/01/1990 a/Newgate Prison p/1234567 t/criminal`

### Listing all persons : `list`

Shows a list of all persons in the address book.

Format: `list`

### Editing a person : `edit`

Edits an existing person in the address book.

Format: `edit INDEX [n/NAME] [p/PHONE] [e/EMAIL] [a/ADDRESS] [t/TAG]…​`

* Edits the person at the specified `INDEX`. The index refers to the index number shown in the displayed person list. The index **must be a positive integer** 1, 2, 3, …​
* At least one of the optional fields must be provided.
* Existing values will be updated to the input values.
* When editing tags, the existing tags of the person will be removed i.e adding of tags is not cumulative.
* You can remove all the person’s tags by typing `t/` without
    specifying any tags after it.

Examples:
*  `edit 1 p/91234567 e/johndoe@example.com` Edits the phone number and email address of the 1st person to be `91234567` and `johndoe@example.com` respectively.
*  `edit 2 n/Betsy Crower t/` Edits the name of the 2nd person to be `Betsy Crower` and clears all existing tags.

### Locating persons by name: `find`

Finds persons whose names contain any of the given keywords.

Format: `find KEYWORD [MORE_KEYWORDS]`

* The search is case-insensitive. e.g `hans` will match `Hans`
* The order of the keywords does not matter. e.g. `Hans Bo` will match `Bo Hans`
* Only the name is searched.
* Only full words will be matched e.g. `Han` will not match `Hans`
* Persons matching at least one keyword will be returned (i.e. `OR` search).
  e.g. `Hans Bo` will return `Hans Gruber`, `Bo Yang`

Examples:
* `find John` returns `john` and `John Doe`
* `find alex david` returns `Alex Yeoh`, `David Li`<br>
  ![result for 'find alex david'](images/findAlexDavidResult.png)

### Deleting a person : `delete`

Deletes the specified person from the address book.

Format: `delete INDEX`

* Deletes the person at the specified `INDEX`.
* The index refers to the index number shown in the displayed person list.
* The index **must be a positive integer** 1, 2, 3, …​

Examples:
* `list` followed by `delete 2` deletes the 2nd person in the address book.
* `find Betsy` followed by `delete 1` deletes the 1st person in the results of the `find` command.

### Clearing all entries : `clear`

Clears all entries from the clinic.

Format: `clear`

### Add medical report: `addmr`

Add a new medical report to a patient's record.

Format: `addmr ic/<NRIC> al/<Allergies> ill/<Illnesses> sur/<Surgeries> imm/<Immunizations>`

Examples:
* `addmr ic/S1234567A al/Penicillin ill/Flu sur/Appendectomy imm/Flu Vaccine`
* `addmr ic/T0260144G al/None ill/None sur/None imm/None`

**Warning:**

1. The person with the given NRIC must exist, otherwise Klinix will show an error message.
2. If the patient already has a medical report, adding a new one will overwrite the existing one.

### Delete medical report: `deletemr`

Delete a patient's existing medical report.

Format: `deletemr ic/<NRIC>`

Examples:
* `deletemr ic/S1234567A`
* `deletemr ic/T0260144G`

**Warning**

1. The person with the given NRIC must exist, otherwise Klinix will show an error message.
2. If the patient does not have an existing medical report, nothing will happen.

### Add medicine usage records: `addmu`

Add a new medicine usage record as part of a patient’s medical history or medical needs.

Format: `addmu ic/<NRIC> n/<Medicine Name> dos/<Dosage> from/<DD-MM-YYYY> to/<DD-MM-YYYY>`

Examples:
* `addmu ic/T0260144G n/Paracetamol dos/Two 500mg tablets, 4 times in 24 hours from/2025-02-23 to/2025-02-25`
* `addmu ic/S1234567A n/Panadol Extra dos/Two 250mg tablets, once per day from/2025-03-01 to/2025-03-05`

**Warning:**

1. The person with the given NRIC must exist, otherwise Klinix will show an error message.
2. Two medicine usage records from the same patient are overlapped if they have the same name and overlapping duration.
Klinix will detect such overlapping instances and give an error message when you try to add them.

### Clear all medicine usage records: `clearmu`

Clear all medicine usage records of a patient's medical history.

Format: `clearmu ic/<NRIC>`

Examples: `clearmu ic/S1234567A`

**Warning:**

1. The person with the given NRIC must exist, otherwise Klinix will show an error message.

### Delete medicine usage records: `deletemu`

Delete a particular medicine usage record of a patient's medical history.

_To be added in the next version_

### Add appointment: `addappt`

Add a new appointment to the patient.

Format: `addappt ic/<NRIC> dic/<Doctor NRIC> appt/<Description> from/<DD-MM-YYYY> to/<DD-MM-YYYY>`

Example:
* `addappt ic/S1234567A dic/S9876543A appt/Check-up from/22-02-2025 to/23-02-2025`

**Warning:**

1. The person with the given NRIC must exist, otherwise Klinix will show an error message.
2. Two appointments from the same patient are overlapped if they have the same name and overlapping duration.
   Klinix will detect such overlapping instances and give an error message when you try to add them.

### Clear all appointment records: `clearappt`

Clear all appointments of a patient.

Format: `clearappt ic/<NRIC>`

Examples: `clearappt ic/S1234567A`

**Warning:**

1. The person with the given NRIC must exist, otherwise Klinix will show an error message.

### Delete appointment records: `deleteappt`

Delete a particular appointment of a patient.

_To be added in the next version_

### Exiting the program : `exit`

Exits the program.

Format: `exit`

### Saving the data

Klinix data are saved in the hard disk automatically after any command that changes the data. There is no need to save manually.

### Editing the data file

Klinix data are saved automatically as a JSON file `[JAR file location]/data/Klinix.json`. Advanced users are welcome to update data directly by editing that data file.

<box type="warning" seamless>

**Caution:**
If your changes to the data file makes its format invalid, Klinix will discard all data and start with an empty data file at the next run.  Hence, it is recommended to take a backup of the file before editing it.<br>
Furthermore, certain edits can cause the Klinix to behave in unexpected ways (e.g., if a value entered is outside the acceptable range). Therefore, edit the data file only if you are confident that you can update it correctly.
</box>

### Archiving data files `[coming in v2.0]`

_Details coming soon ..._

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## FAQ

**Q**: How do I transfer my data to another Computer?<br>
**A**: Install the app in the other computer and overwrite the empty data file it creates with the file that contains the data of your previous Klinix home folder.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Known issues

1. **When using multiple screens**, if you move the application to a secondary screen, and later switch to using only the primary screen, the GUI will open off-screen. The remedy is to delete the `preferences.json` file created by the application before running the application again.
2. **If you minimize the Help Window** and then run the `help` command (or use the `Help` menu, or the keyboard shortcut `F1`) again, the original Help Window will remain minimized, and no new Help Window will appear. The remedy is to manually restore the minimized Help Window.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Command summary

Action     | Format, Examples
-----------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
**Add**    | `add n/NAME p/PHONE_NUMBER e/EMAIL a/ADDRESS [t/TAG]…​` <br> e.g., `add n/James Ho p/22224444 e/jamesho@example.com a/123, Clementi Rd, 1234665 t/friend t/colleague`
**Clear**  | `clear`
**Delete** | `delete INDEX`<br> e.g., `delete 3`
**Edit**   | `edit INDEX [n/NAME] [p/PHONE_NUMBER] [e/EMAIL] [a/ADDRESS] [t/TAG]…​`<br> e.g.,`edit 2 n/James Lee e/jameslee@example.com`
**Find**   | `find KEYWORD [MORE_KEYWORDS]`<br> e.g., `find James Jake`
**Add Medical Report** | `addmr ic/<NRIC> al/<Allergies> ill/<Illnesses> sur/<Surgeries> imm/<Immunizations>` <br> e.g., `addmr ic/S1234567A al/Penicillin ill/Flu sur/Appendectomy imm/Flu Vaccine`
**Delete Medical Report** | `deletemr ic/<NRIC>` <br> e.g., `deletemr ic/S1234567A`
**Add Medicine Usage** | `addmu ic/<NRIC> n/<Medicine Name> dos/<Dosage> from/<DD-MM-YYYY> to/<DD-MM-YYYY>` <br> e.g., `addmu ic/T0260144G n/Paracetamol dos/Two 500mg tablets, 4 times in 24 hours from/23-02-2025 to/25-02-2025`
**Clear Medicine Usage** | `clearmu ic/<NRIC>` <br> e.g., `clearmu ic/S1234567A`
**Add Appointment** | `addappt ic/<NRIC> dic/<Doctor NRIC> appt/<Description> from/<DD-MM-YYYY> to/<DD-MM-YYYY>` <br> e.g., `addappt ic/T0260144G dic/T9876543B appt/Check-Up from/22-02-2025 to/23-02-2025`
**Clear Appointments** | `clearappt ic/<NRIC>` <br> e.g., `clearappt ic/S1234567A`
**List**   | `list`
**Help**   | `help`

Commit message:

Add instructions for viewing past commands

docs/UserGuide.md, after:

---
  layout: default.md
  title: "User Guide"
  pageNav: 3
---

# Klinix User Guide

Klinix Level 3  is a **desktop app for managing contacts, optimized for use via a  Line Interface** (CLI) while still having the benefits of a Graphical User Interface (GUI). If you can type fast, you can get your contact management tasks done faster than traditional GUI apps.

<!-- * Table of Contents -->
<page-nav-print />

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Quick start

1. Ensure you have Java `17` or above installed in your Computer.<br>
   **Mac users:** Ensure you have the precise JDK version prescribed [here](https://se-education.org/guides/tutorials/javaInstallationMac.html).

1. Download the latest `.jar` file from [here](https://github.com/se-edu/Klinix-level3/releases).

1. Copy the file to the folder you want to use as the _home folder_ for your Klinix.

1. Open a command terminal, `cd` into the folder you put the jar file in, and use the `java -jar Klinix.jar` command to run the application.<br>
   A GUI similar to the below should appear in a few seconds. Note how the app contains some sample data.<br>
   ![Ui](images/Ui.png)

1. Type the command in the command box and press Enter to execute it. e.g. typing **`help`** and pressing Enter will open the help window.<br>
   Some example commands you can try:

   * `list` : Lists all contacts.

   * `add ` : Adds a contact to Klinix.

   * `delete 3` : Deletes the 3rd contact shown in the current list.

   * `clear` : Deletes all contacts.

   * `exit` : Exits the app.
  
   * `addmr` : Add a new medical report to a patient's record.
  
   * `deletemr` : Delete a patient's existing medical report.
  
   * `addmu` : Add a new medicine usage record as part of a patient’s medical history or medical needs.
  
   * `clearmu` : Clear all medicine usage records of a patient's medical history.
  
   * `deletemu` : Delete a particular medicine usage record of a patient's medical history.
  
   * `addappt` : Add a new appointment to the patient.
  
   * `clearappt` : Clear all appointments of a patient.

1. Refer to the [Features](#features) below for details of each command.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Features

<box type="info" seamless>

**Notes about the command format:**<br>

* Words in `UPPER_CASE` are the parameters to be supplied by the user.<br>
  e.g. in `add n/NAME`, `NAME` is a parameter which can be used as `add n/John Doe`.

* Items in square brackets are optional.<br>
  e.g `n/NAME [t/TAG]` can be used as `n/John Doe t/friend` or as `n/John Doe`.

* Items with `…`​ after them can be used multiple times including zero times.<br>
  e.g. `[t/TAG]…​` can be used as ` ` (i.e. 0 times), `t/friend`, `t/friend t/family` etc.

* Parameters can be in any order.<br>
  e.g. if the command specifies `n/NAME p/PHONE_NUMBER`, `p/PHONE_NUMBER n/NAME` is also acceptable.

* Extraneous parameters for commands that do not take in parameters (such as `help`, `list`, `exit` and `clear`) will be ignored.<br>
  e.g. if the command specifies `help 123`, it will be interpreted as `help`.

* If you are using a PDF version of this document, be careful when copying and pasting commands that span multiple lines as space characters surrounding line-breaks may be omitted when copied over to the application.
</box>

### Viewing past commands:

You can scroll through your previously entered commands using the **Up** and **Down** arrow keys.

- **Up Arrow**: Scrolls to the previous command in the history.
- **Down Arrow**: Scrolls to the next command in the history.

This feature allows you to quickly reuse or edit previously entered commands without retyping them.

#### Example Usage:

1. Enter a command, such as `list`, and press Enter.
2. Press the **Up Arrow** key to bring up the `list` command in the command box.
3. Press the **Down Arrow** key to navigate back to a more recent command.

#### Notes:

- The command history is saved only for the current session and will reset when the application is restarted.

### Viewing help : `help`

Shows a message explaning how to access the help page.

![help message](images/helpMessage.png)

Format: `help`


### Adding a person: `add`

Adds a person to the address book.

Format: `add n/NAME p/PHONE_NUMBER e/EMAIL ic/NRIC b/BIRTHDATE a/ADDRESS [t/TAG]…​`

<box type="tip" seamless>

**Tip:** A person can have any number of tags (including 0)
</box>

Examples:
* `add n/John Doe p/98765432 e/johnd@example.com ic/S0123456A b/10/10/2000 a/John street, block 123, #01-01`
* `add n/Betsy Crowe t/friend e/betsycrowe@example.com ic/S9876543B b/01/01/1990 a/Newgate Prison p/1234567 t/criminal`

### Listing all persons : `list`

Shows a list of all persons in the address book.

Format: `list`

### Editing a person : `edit`

Edits an existing person in the address book.

Format: `edit INDEX [n/NAME] [p/PHONE] [e/EMAIL] [a/ADDRESS] [t/TAG]…​`

* Edits the person at the specified `INDEX`. The index refers to the index number shown in the displayed person list. The index **must be a positive integer** 1, 2, 3, …​
* At least one of the optional fields must be provided.
* Existing values will be updated to the input values.
* When editing tags, the existing tags of the person will be removed i.e adding of tags is not cumulative.
* You can remove all the person’s tags by typing `t/` without
    specifying any tags after it.

Examples:
*  `edit 1 p/91234567 e/johndoe@example.com` Edits the phone number and email address of the 1st person to be `91234567` and `johndoe@example.com` respectively.
*  `edit 2 n/Betsy Crower t/` Edits the name of the 2nd person to be `Betsy Crower` and clears all existing tags.

### Locating persons by name: `find`

Finds persons whose names contain any of the given keywords.

Format: `find KEYWORD [MORE_KEYWORDS]`

* The search is case-insensitive. e.g `hans` will match `Hans`
* The order of the keywords does not matter. e.g. `Hans Bo` will match `Bo Hans`
* Only the name is searched.
* Only full words will be matched e.g. `Han` will not match `Hans`
* Persons matching at least one keyword will be returned (i.e. `OR` search).
  e.g. `Hans Bo` will return `Hans Gruber`, `Bo Yang`

Examples:
* `find John` returns `john` and `John Doe`
* `find alex david` returns `Alex Yeoh`, `David Li`<br>
  ![result for 'find alex david'](images/findAlexDavidResult.png)

### Deleting a person : `delete`

Deletes the specified person from the address book.

Format: `delete INDEX`

* Deletes the person at the specified `INDEX`.
* The index refers to the index number shown in the displayed person list.
* The index **must be a positive integer** 1, 2, 3, …​

Examples:
* `list` followed by `delete 2` deletes the 2nd person in the address book.
* `find Betsy` followed by `delete 1` deletes the 1st person in the results of the `find` command.

### Clearing all entries : `clear`

Clears all entries from the clinic.

Format: `clear`

### Add medical report: `addmr`

Add a new medical report to a patient's record.

Format: `addmr ic/<NRIC> al/<Allergies> ill/<Illnesses> sur/<Surgeries> imm/<Immunizations>`

Examples:
* `addmr ic/S1234567A al/Penicillin ill/Flu sur/Appendectomy imm/Flu Vaccine`
* `addmr ic/T0260144G al/None ill/None sur/None imm/None`

**Warning:**

1. The person with the given NRIC must exist, otherwise Klinix will show an error message.
2. If the patient already has a medical report, adding a new one will overwrite the existing one.

### Delete medical report: `deletemr`

Delete a patient's existing medical report.

Format: `deletemr ic/<NRIC>`

Examples:
* `deletemr ic/S1234567A`
* `deletemr ic/T0260144G`

**Warning**

1. The person with the given NRIC must exist, otherwise Klinix will show an error message.
2. If the patient does not have an existing medical report, nothing will happen.

### Add medicine usage records: `addmu`

Add a new medicine usage record as part of a patient’s medical history or medical needs.

Format: `addmu ic/<NRIC> n/<Medicine Name> dos/<Dosage> from/<DD-MM-YYYY> to/<DD-MM-YYYY>`

Examples:
* `addmu ic/T0260144G n/Paracetamol dos/Two 500mg tablets, 4 times in 24 hours from/2025-02-23 to/2025-02-25`
* `addmu ic/S1234567A n/Panadol Extra dos/Two 250mg tablets, once per day from/2025-03-01 to/2025-03-05`

**Warning:**

1. The person with the given NRIC must exist, otherwise Klinix will show an error message.
2. Two medicine usage records from the same patient are overlapped if they have the same name and overlapping duration.
Klinix will detect such overlapping instances and give an error message when you try to add them.

### Clear all medicine usage records: `clearmu`

Clear all medicine usage records of a patient's medical history.

Format: `clearmu ic/<NRIC>`

Examples: `clearmu ic/S1234567A`

**Warning:**

1. The person with the given NRIC must exist, otherwise Klinix will show an error message.

### Delete medicine usage records: `deletemu`

Delete a particular medicine usage record of a patient's medical history.

_To be added in the next version_

### Add appointment: `addappt`

Add a new appointment to the patient.

Format: `addappt ic/<NRIC> dic/<Doctor NRIC> appt/<Description> from/<DD-MM-YYYY> to/<DD-MM-YYYY>`

Example:
* `addappt ic/S1234567A dic/S9876543A appt/Check-up from/22-02-2025 to/23-02-2025`

**Warning:**

1. The person with the given NRIC must exist, otherwise Klinix will show an error message.
2. Two appointments from the same patient are overlapped if they have the same name and overlapping duration.
   Klinix will detect such overlapping instances and give an error message when you try to add them.

### Clear all appointment records: `clearappt`

Clear all appointments of a patient.

Format: `clearappt ic/<NRIC>`

Examples: `clearappt ic/S1234567A`

**Warning:**

1. The person with the given NRIC must exist, otherwise Klinix will show an error message.

### Delete appointment records: `deleteappt`

Delete a particular appointment of a patient.

_To be added in the next version_

### Exiting the program : `exit`

Exits the program.

Format: `exit`

### Saving the data

Klinix data are saved in the hard disk automatically after any command that changes the data. There is no need to save manually.

### Editing the data file

Klinix data are saved automatically as a JSON file `[JAR file location]/data/Klinix.json`. Advanced users are welcome to update data directly by editing that data file.

<box type="warning" seamless>

**Caution:**
If your changes to the data file makes its format invalid, Klinix will discard all data and start with an empty data file at the next run.  Hence, it is recommended to take a backup of the file before editing it.<br>
Furthermore, certain edits can cause the Klinix to behave in unexpected ways (e.g., if a value entered is outside the acceptable range). Therefore, edit the data file only if you are confident that you can update it correctly.
</box>

### Archiving data files `[coming in v2.0]`

_Details coming soon ..._

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## FAQ

**Q**: How do I transfer my data to another Computer?<br>
**A**: Install the app in the other computer and overwrite the empty data file it creates with the file that contains the data of your previous Klinix home folder.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Known issues

1. **When using multiple screens**, if you move the application to a secondary screen, and later switch to using only the primary screen, the GUI will open off-screen. The remedy is to delete the `preferences.json` file created by the application before running the application again.
2. **If you minimize the Help Window** and then run the `help` command (or use the `Help` menu, or the keyboard shortcut `F1`) again, the original Help Window will remain minimized, and no new Help Window will appear. The remedy is to manually restore the minimized Help Window.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Command summary

Action     | Format, Examples
-----------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
**Add**    | `add n/NAME p/PHONE_NUMBER e/EMAIL a/ADDRESS [t/TAG]…​` <br> e.g., `add n/James Ho p/22224444 e/jamesho@example.com a/123, Clementi Rd, 1234665 t/friend t/colleague`
**Clear**  | `clear`
**Delete** | `delete INDEX`<br> e.g., `delete 3`
**Edit**   | `edit INDEX [n/NAME] [p/PHONE_NUMBER] [e/EMAIL] [a/ADDRESS] [t/TAG]…​`<br> e.g.,`edit 2 n/James Lee e/jameslee@example.com`
**Find**   | `find KEYWORD [MORE_KEYWORDS]`<br> e.g., `find James Jake`
**Add Medical Report** | `addmr ic/<NRIC> al/<Allergies> ill/<Illnesses> sur/<Surgeries> imm/<Immunizations>` <br> e.g., `addmr ic/S1234567A al/Penicillin ill/Flu sur/Appendectomy imm/Flu Vaccine`
**Delete Medical Report** | `deletemr ic/<NRIC>` <br> e.g., `deletemr ic/S1234567A`
**Add Medicine Usage** | `addmu ic/<NRIC> n/<Medicine Name> dos/<Dosage> from/<DD-MM-YYYY> to/<DD-MM-YYYY>` <br> e.g., `addmu ic/T0260144G n/Paracetamol dos/Two 500mg tablets, 4 times in 24 hours from/23-02-2025 to/25-02-2025`
**Clear Medicine Usage** | `clearmu ic/<NRIC>` <br> e.g., `clearmu ic/S1234567A`
**Add Appointment** | `addappt ic/<NRIC> dic/<Doctor NRIC> appt/<Description> from/<DD-MM-YYYY> to/<DD-MM-YYYY>` <br> e.g., `addappt ic/T0260144G dic/T9876543B appt/Check-Up from/22-02-2025 to/23-02-2025`
**Clear Appointments** | `clearappt ic/<NRIC>` <br> e.g., `clearappt ic/S1234567A`
**List**   | `list`
**Help**   | `help`
